{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30560\viewh19380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Personal Questions\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 1.) Why do you want to move to Berlin?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 2.) What\'92s your motivation for wanting to work at DeliveryHero?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 Tech Questions/Tasks\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 1.) What was your biggest programming challenge?\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 2.) Go to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/fgoncalves/AlbumSample"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 https://github.com/fgoncalves/AlbumSample}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\'a0and fork the project. This project is a sample app to list meta-data related with music. This app lacks a lot of functionallity and optimization. Right now it only lists albums and gives no context to the user. Let\'92s try and change this. When you\'92re done, just make a pull request to our master branch and we\'92ll take a look at it. You can and are encouraged to use third-party libraries. Please just remember to explain your choices in a readme file.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 Legend - Blue is easy, Orange is medium and Black is Hard\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 1. As you can see we created 1000 dummy entries in our list fragment. For the sake of simplicity let\'92s keep this dummy data generation, but let\'92s assume we have a lot more entries in our list. If there\'92s a way we could optimize our adapter, how would we do it? Please refactor the code as you see fit.\
DONE\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 2. When we open the drawer we can select different sections. You will see \'93Albums\'94, \'93Songs\'94 and \'93Artists\'94. However, there\'92s no contextual information for the user. It doesn\'92t matter if the drawer is opened or closed, or if a drawer item is clicked, the action bar title is always the same. Let\'92s change this such that when the drawer is opened we display the name of our app and upon an item selection we display the item\'92s name.\
DONE\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 3. Now our application provides more information to the user, but the list always displays the same items. Let\'92s change our list whenever the user selects another item from the drawer. For the sake of simplicity you can simply create dummy items and change the main header.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 4. Now that we have different lists we can focus on the list items. The picture on said items is always the same. Imagine we have a server hosting our pictures. How could we change our current code to support loading these pictures. You don\'92t need to code the part that interacts with the network, just leave it with stub methods. Please describe your choices in a \'93readme\'94 file. Please take into consideration performance and usability. We don\'92t want the user to feel like his/her device is not performing well and we still want to give the user the opportunity to interact with the app.\
DONE\
Use real network request to download some images.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 5. (BONUS) Adapt the app such that when using a tablet, instead of displaying a list of elements we display a grid with 2 columns.\
DONE\
Use grid view with 2 columns for tablets.\
Created new project using eclipse which is reflect all above tasks.(Attachments/AlbumSample_eclipse.zip)\
Also attached same project which is build using android studio.(Attachments /AlbumSample_studio.zip)\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 3.) Code a small app that makes use of fragments and changes it's layout on screen configuration changes (use your hobbies as the theme for the content)\'a0\uc0\u8232 Hint:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/guide/components/fragments.html#Example"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://developer.android.com/guide/components/fragments.html#Example}}\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 DONE.\
Attached Eclipse android project.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 (Attachments /\cf0 AndroidDeliveryHero.zip\cf2 )\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf2 4.) Download our app and tell us what you think could be improved:}